---
layout: post
---
#WEB COPY#
Is known as the form of sales pitch to the customer using nothing but the World Wide Web.  Just like you have your marketing and advertising majors that come up with billboards and magazine ads, you also have your web copywriters, which dedicate themselves to attract customers by using an online source. As a web copywriter the main objective is to attract the customer providing him/her great information on the product you are pitching rather than bombard the customer with advertising. One can accomplish this task easily by putting yourself in the customers shoes and asking yourself, “what would make me want to buy this product that I’m already interested in? ”  Obviously the person visited your website so they are interested in the product, all left to do here is tell them how it benefits them, why your product is better, etc.  
Although some may not agree with me on my perspective on web copywriting I believe the job consist of drawing in first time customers, and closing a sale/deal on a customer. Working in hospitality I could kind of grasp this concept pretty well because no one cares about the company they just care about what you have for them to eat and that its good, Since it benefits them they will return. Also the customer is already there to eat, sort of like a web page they are there because they are interested. Now the only job of the copywriter and waiter are to manipulate them by telling them all these selling points on that particular item. 

